## Assignment Part-1
Q1- Why do we call Python as a general purpose and high-level programming language?
A1- python is not limited to one domain,it is use as multiple domains like as machine learning,data science,web devlopment,data analysis,scripting,artificial intellegence,software devlopment and to make system application that's why we called python as a general purpose programming language.before Understanding high level programming language, we have to understand that there were 2 languages which we know as low level programming language which came first from high level programming language. the first of which was machine learning language which was difficult to understand and which was in binary form(example-0101-hello)it is also known as first generation programming language, the second was assembly language which was easier than this, it has numeric symbols(example-(add-+)and(sub-)) was used , it was known as second generation programming language and then came the third generation  programming language(python),which we know from the high level programming language,it is very easy to did the code(example-print("hello world"))and remember it.it is human friendly programming language, that's why python is called high level programming language.
Q2-Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?
A2-There is no need to declare the data type in python,but in c,c++ and java the data type has to be declared. Example-Q-add two numbers and print,A-in python Dynamic typed language-a,b=10,20 print(a+b).AA-in static(java,c++,c) typed language-int_a=10,int_b=20,system.out.printll etc. so that python called a dynamically typed language.
Q3- List some pros and cons of Python programming language?
A3-Pros-python is support all functions and perform easily,python code run is line by line,python syntax is very simple,python GUI provide better functionality as compare to other language and python is support POP and OOP.                                                                                                                Cons-Not the fastest language,lessor libraries,not strong on type-binding, not easily convertible and  lack of web devlopment capabilities.
Q4-In what all domains can we use Python?
A4-Since python is the go-to programming language for domains such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning.
Q5- What are variable and how can we declare them?
A5-Variable is a name given to a specific memory location.                                                                                                                  Example-  a=5--right -simple variable declaration and assignment ,12abc=10--wrong                                                                                        Any variable name should start with alphabet.                                                                                                                            We cannot use any special symbol in variable.                                                                                                                            example-post ? _ 123--wrong                                                                                                                                              We can only use underscore( _ )  as a part of variable names                                                                                                              Example-abc _ 123, our variable name can start from underscore _ 123

